Fairy sister
This is all to thank you for saving my father
Is he really a fairy?
It's not what cosplay you young people play.
I told you, it's all true.
You come and try this
Thank you. Thank you.
We immortals don't need to eat
These things will become turbid when eaten in the body
It's a burden.
If I go to heaven and become a fairy
I won't be able to eat these in the future
Then I'll have a taste. Mmm.
Hmm, it's delicious.
Do 100 good deeds and get a teleportation reward
Sister Fairy has a new mission.
What's that?
Doing 100 Good Things is rewarded with one teleportation
More and more tasks
Rewards are getting less and less
The heavens are getting more and more searching
It's not as good as the devil world.
Apply and see if I can send it to you a few more times.
Fairy sister
It won't be after you help me fix the system
The system made an error.
I've had a lot of diamond drops before.
But nothing like this. It's hard to drop diamonds.
I'm only responsible for restoring the system.
The system will not make mistakes.
Besides, you are destined to be a person from the celestial realm in the future
Do more good deeds
It's not just a test from heaven
It's also for you to accumulate virtue
Alright. Alright.
Mengqi Xu Tao, why is there another woman?
Mengqi, he is a fairy
Xu Tao
Don't think I'll believe you when you're dying
We break up
Mengqi